Shaping the future with physical AI.
Neural D introduces next-generation
autonomous inspection technology.
ADS is an AI-powered inspection solution
that identifies and diagnoses
vast numbers of power grid assets in real time.
Even while moving at high speed,
detecting cracks and pinpointing components that require attention.
Powered by physical AI,
Neural D's ADS
delivers fast and highly accurate autonomous diagnostics
across the entire network.
Mounted on vehicles,
At the core of ADS are
ADS dramatically reduces asset maintenance time and cost.
Enabling efficient management of power grid assets
spread across vast regions.
Neural D's breakthrough technology,
proven through years of collaboration with KEPCO,
has been recognized with top honors,
Our diagnostic technologies are protected by patents
not only in Korea,
but also in the United States, Saudi Arabia, Japan, and Vietnam.
Neural D is expanding beyond visual diagnostics,
advancing thermal imaging,
ultrasonic inspection, and more.
We will deliver unparalleled
AI driven inspection technology
across an even wider range of industries.